RE2022-231: add upa mapping logic (#457)
kbase/collections: docs/data_pipeline_procedure.md

        
          generate_pmi_biolog_heatmap_data(biolog_data_file, biolog_meta_file, load_ver)
         ```

>        * Please be aware that when using a non-production environment, you must provide an additional `upa_map_file`.
>          ```python
>          upa_map_file = Path(biolog_download_dir, 'PMI_strain_upa_map.tsv')
>          generate_pmi_biolog_heatmap_data(biolog_data_file, biolog_meta_file, load_ver, env=env, upa_map_file=upa_map_file)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       * Please be aware that when using a non-production environment, you must provide an additional `upa_map_file`
         that maps the UPAs in production to the other environment, since the biolog data is provided for production.
         The file content is a single JSON object that contains a dictionary with the production UPAs as keys and 
         the equivalent target environment UPAs as values.
         ```python
         upa_map_file = Path(biolog_download_dir, 'PMI_strain_upa_map.json')
         generate_pmi_biolog_heatmap_data(biolog_data_file, biolog_meta_file, load_ver, env=env, upa_map_file=upa_map_file)
```

Author: 👍  committed the suggestion.
